EC-84: Restructure eZ Commerce doc, part 2 (#2)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/basket/basket.md

# Basket

![](../img/basket_1.jpg)

> eZ Commerce provides a flexible basket system. A basket is identified by: 

Reviewer: I would consider avoiding passive voice, hence:
The following parameters identify a basket:

- session ID (if the user is not logged in)
- user ID (if the user is logged in)

Doctrine is used to store the basket in the database.  

> The basket can have one of the following types:

Reviewer: Can you have a type?
I would consider writing: "The basket can be of one of the following types:"

- `basket`
- `quickOrder`
- `storedBasket`, stored with a user-set name
- `wishList`
- `comparison`

> A standard basket (type `basket`) may use different states during the checkout process. After the order has been sent, the basket will get the special state `ordered`.

Reviewer: "may use" -> "can be in"
"will get the special state `ordered`" -> "is assigned the state `ordered`" (If it is it really special, like it does not happen a lot, than "special" could stay, followed by a detailed explanation. Otherwise, I'd remove "special".)

## Basket structure

The basket enables storing project-specific information in several places:

- Basket header
- Basket lines

> - Basket Parties

Reviewer: Basket parties (capitalization)

### Basket header

> Additional fields can be placed in the basket header (`dataMap` Field).

Reviewer: "Additional fields can be placed"
Who places the fields in the header? Is it the system or the reader? Either way, I'd try to avoid the passive voice and go along the lines of:
"You can place additional fields..." (or "The system can place....")

These can be simple fields or complex data as well.

### Basket lines

> Basket lines contains info such as:

Reviewer: contains -> contain?
info -> information (to avoid jargon)
"info such as" -> "the following information"

> Basket lines contains info such as:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Basket lines contain information such as:
```
As we are not sure if the following information is complete, it is better to avoid making it seem so.

- SKU
- variant code
- quantity
- prices
- a remark or additional data per basket line. See [Additional data in the basket line](basket_features/additional_data_in_the_basket_line.md)

### Basket parties

Basket parties include:

- BuyerParty - address of the customer (usually this address is the same as the InvoiceParty)
- InvoiceParty - address for the invoice from the checkout or customer profile
- DeliveryParty - delivery address given by the customer

## Baskets in multishop

> For each shop a `shop_id` can be configured. The `shop_id` will be stored in the basket.

Reviewer: To avoid the passive voice,, I'd go along the lines of:
You can configure a `shop_id` for each shop. The basket stores the `shop_id` value.

## Additional costs

> Additional costs can be stored in the basket to implement all kinds of additional costs or discounts, such as:

Reviewer: Similarly:
"The basket can store additional costs..."
Is "such as" used as "for example" here? If so, I'd consider using "for example"

- shipping costs
- costs for packaging
- costs for payment
- discount for vouchers
- general discounts for total order

## Customer remarks

The customer can provide a general remark for the basket in the checkout.

## Handling of discontinued products

See [Discontinued products](basket_features/discontinued_products.md)

## Performance improvement

The BasketLine stores a serialized version of the product in the basket line.

> Configuration controls which Fields from the product are stored.

Reviewer: Why are "Fields" capitalized?

Author: It's a domain term from the content model

## Price calculation

A price engine calculates the prices and provides up-to-date information about stock.

> The basket contains a flag which controls if a recalculation has to be done (timeout).

Reviewer: "a flag which " -> "a flag that"

## Merging of baskets

> After a login eZ Commerce merges the products from the existing basket (filled as an anonymous user) and a basket which is already stored for the given user id of the user.

Reviewer: "After a login eZ Commerce..." - Who performs the login? Is it the user who logs into the store? I would write specifically, for example "After the user logs in, eZ Commerce..."

> After a login eZ Commerce merges the products from the existing basket (filled as an anonymous user) and a basket which is already stored for the given user id of the user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the user logs in, eZ Commerce merges the products from the existing basket (filled as an anonymous user) and a basket which is already stored for the given user ID.
```

> If an SKU is already present in a basket, a new line is created in the basket of the user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If an SKU is already present in a basket, a new line is created in the user's basket.
```

## Shared baskets

> A basket can be shared if a user logs in in different browsers (default) or bound to session only.

Reviewer: "from different browsers (default), or bound to session only"

> A basket can be shared if a user logs in in different browsers (default) or bound to session only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A basket can be shared if a user logs in from a different browsers (default), or it can be bound to the session.
```

> In case a basket shall be not shared in case the same user logs in twice a setting can be adapted (default: `false`)

Reviewer: I would consider removing the repeated "in case" phrase and using a simplier language (for non-English people):
If you do not want the basket to be shared when the same user logs in with several sessions, toggle the following setting (by default it is `false`):

> In case a basket shall be not shared in case the same user logs in twice a setting can be adapted (default: `false`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you do not want the basket to be shared between different sessions, change the following setting to `true`:
```
